docs/AUDIT-IMPLEMENTATION.md, before:

# Website Audit Implementation Summary

## Overview

This implementation provides a comprehensive website audit framework for the Tophuis Design Hub website. The framework addresses all eight areas specified in the audit requirements:

1. ✅ Security Audit Framework
2. ✅ SEO Audit Framework  
3. ✅ Google Search & Visibility Framework
4. ✅ Design & UX Audit Framework
5. ✅ Performance & Technical Framework
6. ✅ Content Quality Framework
7. ✅ Conversion Optimization Framework (CRO)
8. ✅ Legal & Compliance Framework

## What Has Been Implemented

### 🔐 Security Features

1. **Security Headers** (in `public/.htaccess`):
   - X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
   - X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
   - X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
   - Content-Security-Policy with appropriate directives
   - Strict-Transport-Security (HSTS) for 1 year
   - Referrer-Policy: strict-origin-when-cross-origin
   - Permissions-Policy

2. **Cookie Consent** (`src/components/CookieConsent.tsx`):
   - GDPR-compliant cookie banner
   - User choice (accept/decline)
   - Integrated with Google Analytics

### 🔎 SEO Features

1. **XML Sitemap** (`public/sitemap.xml`):
   - All pages listed with priorities
   - Hreflang tags for Dutch and English
   - Referenced in robots.txt

2. **Robots.txt** (`public/robots.txt`):
   - Properly configured for all search engines
   - Sitemap reference included

3. **Schema.org Structured Data** (`src/components/SchemaOrg.tsx`):
   - LocalBusiness schema with full details
   - Business information (address, hours, contact)
   - Service offerings
   - Geo-coordinates for local SEO

4. **Canonical Tags** (`src/components/CanonicalTag.tsx`):
   - Dynamic canonical URLs for all pages
   - Prevents duplicate content issues

5. **Meta Tags** (already present in `index.html`):
   - Open Graph tags for social sharing
   - Twitter Card tags
   - Proper title and description

### 📋 Legal & Compliance

1. **Privacy Policy** (`src/pages/Privacy.tsx`):
   - GDPR-compliant
   - Comprehensive data protection information
   - Bilingual (Dutch/English)

2. **Terms & Conditions** (`src/pages/Terms.tsx`):
   - Complete business terms
   - Belgian law compliance
   - Bilingual support

3. **Accessibility Statement** (`src/pages/Accessibility.tsx`):
   - WCAG 2.1 Level AA compliance goals
   - Contact information for accessibility issues
   - Bilingual content
   - Linked in footer

### 🛠️ Tools & Automation

1. **Automated Audit Script** (`scripts/audit.cjs`):
   - Runs via `npm run audit`
   - Checks 28+ compliance points
   - Provides actionable warnings for manual checks

2. **Documentation**:
   - `/docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md`: Complete checklist for all 8 audit areas
   - `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md`: Quick commands and links for manual testing

## How to Use

### Run Automated Audit

```bash
npm run audit
```

This will check:
- ✅ Security headers configuration
- ✅ SEO elements (sitemap, robots.txt, schema)
- ✅ Legal pages presence
- ✅ Technical setup
- ✅ Documentation completeness

### Build and Test

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run linter
npm run lint

# Run tests
npm test

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Manual Audits

See `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` for:
- Security testing tools
- PageSpeed Insights testing
- Accessibility testing
- Mobile responsiveness checks
- Link validation
- Analytics setup

## What Needs Manual Action

While the automated framework is complete, the following require manual action or external tools:

### High Priority
1. **Submit sitemap to Google Search Console**
   - URL: https://www.tophuis.be/sitemap.xml
2. **Run PageSpeed Insights** to optimize performance
3. **Set up Google Analytics tracking** (component already exists)
4. **Enable CDN and caching** at hosting level
5. **Run accessibility scan** with WAVE or axe DevTools

### Medium Priority  
1. **Optimize images** for WebP format and lazy loading
2. **Set up Google Business Profile**
3. **Configure backups** with hosting provider
4. **Test on real mobile devices**
5. **Run security scan** with SecurityHeaders.com

### Ongoing
1. **Monitor Core Web Vitals**
2. **Regular content updates**
3. **Review analytics monthly**
4. **Update dependencies quarterly**

## Files Modified/Created

### Created Files
- `docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md` - Complete audit checklist
- `docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` - Quick reference guide
- `public/sitemap.xml` - XML sitemap
- `scripts/audit.cjs` - Automated audit script
- `src/components/SchemaOrg.tsx` - Structured data component
- `src/components/CanonicalTag.tsx` - Canonical URL component
- `src/pages/Accessibility.tsx` - Accessibility statement page

### Modified Files
- `public/.htaccess` - Added security headers
- `public/robots.txt` - Added sitemap reference
- `src/App.tsx` - Added accessibility route
- `src/components/Layout.tsx` - Added Schema and Canonical components
- `src/components/Footer.tsx` - Added accessibility link
- `package.json` - Added audit script

## Testing Results

✅ **Build**: Successful
✅ **Tests**: 10/10 passing
✅ **Lint**: No critical errors (warnings in UI library files only)
✅ **Audit Script**: 28/28 checks passing

## Browser Compatibility

The website is compatible with:
- ✅ Chrome/Edge (latest)
- ✅ Firefox (latest)
- ✅ Safari (latest)
- ✅ Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Android Chrome)

## Deployment Checklist

Before deploying to production:

- [x] Automated audit passing
- [x] Build successful
- [x] Tests passing
- [x] Security headers configured
- [x] Sitemap created
- [x] Schema markup implemented
- [x] Legal pages complete
- [x] Accessibility statement added
- [ ] Submit sitemap to Google Search Console (post-deployment)
- [ ] Set up Google Analytics tracking (post-deployment)
- [ ] Test HTTPS and SSL certificate (post-deployment)
- [ ] Run PageSpeed Insights (post-deployment)
- [ ] Run accessibility audit (post-deployment)

## Support and Maintenance

For ongoing maintenance:
- Review `/docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md` for comprehensive checklist
- Use `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` for quick testing
- Run `npm run audit` regularly to verify compliance
- Update dependencies monthly with `npm update`
- Review analytics and Search Console data monthly

## Contact

For questions about this implementation:
- Email: info@tophuis.be
- Phone: +32 493 28 88 87

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy to production** following the deployment guide
2. **Submit sitemap** to Google Search Console
3. **Run manual audits** using the quick reference guide
4. **Set up monitoring** for Core Web Vitals and performance
5. **Schedule regular reviews** following the audit schedule

---

**Implementation Status**: ✅ Complete and Ready for Deployment

All automated improvements have been implemented. The website is production-ready with comprehensive audit documentation for ongoing maintenance.

Commit message:

Audit: comprehensive WEBSITE-AUDIT (Security, SEO, Google, UX, Performance, Content, CRO, Legal)
Made-with: Cursor

docs/AUDIT-IMPLEMENTATION.md, after:

# Website Audit Implementation Summary

**Master checklist:** The single source of truth for audit status is **[WEBSITE-AUDIT.md](./WEBSITE-AUDIT.md)** (Security, SEO, Google Visibility, Design/UX, Performance, Content, CRO, Legal). This document summarizes what was implemented and how to use it.

---

## Overview

This implementation provides a comprehensive website audit framework for the Tophuis Design Hub website. The framework addresses all eight areas specified in the audit requirements:

1. ✅ Security Audit Framework
2. ✅ SEO Audit Framework  
3. ✅ Google Search & Visibility Framework
4. ✅ Design & UX Audit Framework
5. ✅ Performance & Technical Framework
6. ✅ Content Quality Framework
7. ✅ Conversion Optimization Framework (CRO)
8. ✅ Legal & Compliance Framework

## What Has Been Implemented

### 🔐 Security Features

1. **Security Headers** (in `public/.htaccess`):
   - X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
   - X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
   - X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
   - Content-Security-Policy with appropriate directives
   - Strict-Transport-Security (HSTS) for 1 year
   - Referrer-Policy: strict-origin-when-cross-origin
   - Permissions-Policy

2. **Cookie Consent** (`src/components/CookieConsent.tsx`):
   - GDPR-compliant cookie banner
   - User choice (accept/decline)
   - Integrated with Google Analytics

### 🔎 SEO Features

1. **XML Sitemap** (`public/sitemap.xml`):
   - All pages listed with priorities
   - Hreflang tags for Dutch and English
   - Referenced in robots.txt

2. **Robots.txt** (`public/robots.txt`):
   - Properly configured for all search engines
   - Sitemap reference included

3. **Schema.org Structured Data** (`src/components/SchemaOrg.tsx`):
   - LocalBusiness schema with full details
   - Business information (address, hours, contact)
   - Service offerings
   - Geo-coordinates for local SEO

4. **Canonical Tags** (`src/components/CanonicalTag.tsx`):
   - Dynamic canonical URLs for all pages
   - Prevents duplicate content issues

5. **Meta Tags** (already present in `index.html`):
   - Open Graph tags for social sharing
   - Twitter Card tags
   - Proper title and description

### 📋 Legal & Compliance

1. **Privacy Policy** (`src/pages/Privacy.tsx`):
   - GDPR-compliant
   - Comprehensive data protection information
   - Bilingual (Dutch/English)

2. **Terms & Conditions** (`src/pages/Terms.tsx`):
   - Complete business terms
   - Belgian law compliance
   - Bilingual support

3. **Accessibility Statement** (`src/pages/Accessibility.tsx`):
   - WCAG 2.1 Level AA compliance goals
   - Contact information for accessibility issues
   - Bilingual content
   - Linked in footer

### 🛠️ Tools & Automation

1. **Automated Audit Script** (`scripts/audit.cjs`):
   - Runs via `npm run audit`
   - Checks 28+ compliance points
   - Provides actionable warnings for manual checks

2. **Documentation**:
   - `/docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md`: Complete checklist for all 8 audit areas
   - `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md`: Quick commands and links for manual testing

## How to Use

### Run Automated Audit

```bash
npm run audit
```

This will check:
- ✅ Security headers configuration
- ✅ SEO elements (sitemap, robots.txt, schema)
- ✅ Legal pages presence
- ✅ Technical setup
- ✅ Documentation completeness

### Build and Test

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run linter
npm run lint

# Run tests
npm test

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Manual Audits

See `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` for:
- Security testing tools
- PageSpeed Insights testing
- Accessibility testing
- Mobile responsiveness checks
- Link validation
- Analytics setup

## What Needs Manual Action

While the automated framework is complete, the following require manual action or external tools:

### High Priority
1. **Submit sitemap to Google Search Console**
   - URL: https://www.tophuis.be/sitemap.xml
2. **Run PageSpeed Insights** to optimize performance
3. **Set up Google Analytics tracking** (component already exists)
4. **Enable CDN and caching** at hosting level
5. **Run accessibility scan** with WAVE or axe DevTools

### Medium Priority  
1. **Optimize images** for WebP format and lazy loading
2. **Set up Google Business Profile**
3. **Configure backups** with hosting provider
4. **Test on real mobile devices**
5. **Run security scan** with SecurityHeaders.com

### Ongoing
1. **Monitor Core Web Vitals**
2. **Regular content updates**
3. **Review analytics monthly**
4. **Update dependencies quarterly**

## Files Modified/Created

### Created Files
- `docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md` - Complete audit checklist
- `docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` - Quick reference guide
- `public/sitemap.xml` - XML sitemap
- `scripts/audit.cjs` - Automated audit script
- `src/components/SchemaOrg.tsx` - Structured data component
- `src/components/CanonicalTag.tsx` - Canonical URL component
- `src/pages/Accessibility.tsx` - Accessibility statement page

### Modified Files
- `public/.htaccess` - Added security headers
- `public/robots.txt` - Added sitemap reference
- `src/App.tsx` - Added accessibility route
- `src/components/Layout.tsx` - Added Schema and Canonical components
- `src/components/Footer.tsx` - Added accessibility link
- `package.json` - Added audit script

## Testing Results

✅ **Build**: Successful
✅ **Tests**: 10/10 passing
✅ **Lint**: No critical errors (warnings in UI library files only)
✅ **Audit Script**: 28/28 checks passing

## Browser Compatibility

The website is compatible with:
- ✅ Chrome/Edge (latest)
- ✅ Firefox (latest)
- ✅ Safari (latest)
- ✅ Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Android Chrome)

## Deployment Checklist

Before deploying to production:

- [x] Automated audit passing
- [x] Build successful
- [x] Tests passing
- [x] Security headers configured
- [x] Sitemap created
- [x] Schema markup implemented
- [x] Legal pages complete
- [x] Accessibility statement added
- [ ] Submit sitemap to Google Search Console (post-deployment)
- [ ] Set up Google Analytics tracking (post-deployment)
- [ ] Test HTTPS and SSL certificate (post-deployment)
- [ ] Run PageSpeed Insights (post-deployment)
- [ ] Run accessibility audit (post-deployment)

## Support and Maintenance

For ongoing maintenance:
- Review `/docs/WEBSITE-AUDIT.md` for comprehensive checklist
- Use `/docs/AUDIT-QUICK-REFERENCE.md` for quick testing
- Run `npm run audit` regularly to verify compliance
- Update dependencies monthly with `npm update`
- Review analytics and Search Console data monthly

## Contact

For questions about this implementation:
- Email: info@tophuis.be
- Phone: +32 493 28 88 87

## Next Steps

1. **Deploy to production** following the deployment guide
2. **Submit sitemap** to Google Search Console
3. **Run manual audits** using the quick reference guide
4. **Set up monitoring** for Core Web Vitals and performance
5. **Schedule regular reviews** following the audit schedule

---

**Implementation Status**: ✅ Complete and Ready for Deployment

All automated improvements have been implemented. The website is production-ready with comprehensive audit documentation for ongoing maintenance.
